docs(mapping): Move mappings to astro content infra (#708)
remeda/remeda: docs/src/content/mapping/lodash/sampleSize.md

---
category: Collection
remeda: sample
---

> - Unlike Lodash, In Remeda the `sample` function doesn't also randomize the
>   **order** of the items in the result. Use the `shuffle` function to also
>   randomize the result.

Reviewer: **suggestion:**

```suggestion
- Unlike Lodash, In Remeda the `sample` function returns items in the
  **same order** they appear in the input. Use the `shuffle` function to also
  randomize the result.
```
